darwin-rebuild: add page, home-manager: edit page (#15175)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/darwin-rebuild.md

# darwin-rebuild

> > A command for rebuilding and switching to a Nix-based Darwin (macOS) system configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Rebuild and switch to a Nix-based Darwin (macOS) system configuration.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/LnL7/nix-darwin>.

- Rebuild and switch to the specified Darwin configuration:

`darwin-rebuild switch --flake {{path/to/flake}}`

- Build the configuration but don't switch to it:

`darwin-rebuild build --flake {{path/to/flake}}`

> - Show available commands and options:

Reviewer: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/ab008159156b225f57d5a9ef1fd2a241d94470bd/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#help-and-version-commands
> For consistency, we prefer generic wording `Display help`
```suggestion
- Display help:
```
